welcome to Gumball run everyone we're
gumballs and we're gonna run we are
gumballs we have balls look at our
appear into my soul those eyes do not
have a single thought behind that's a
clean ball and you wouldn't rank their
own ranked mode what is ranked mode what
could you possibly rank in this game
what's your number it's three nine six
one three seven guys it's a free to play
gumball game figure it out all right
there's only like three buttons and you
can spend three million dollars hey look
we got in the game I'm proud of y'all oh
I don't like the when things are angled
how do you look to the left and right
right now
I can't move the camera at all
whoa I've fallen and I can't get up Life
Alert please help me this is Fall Guys
101 setup practice I'm dying
Santa Claus practice
I need to turn myself shut up shut up
shut up I'm ready to win you can't
adjust settings
oh my God this is like the mobile game
where you start humping the dog what
mobile games played the IRL version
oh dude don't fall into the lean don't
fall into the lean pool brother don't
tell me how to live my life I'm getting
my skrilla up I have I have zero death
perception
keep killing myself blarg you just you
literally honked my leg and killed me
you [__] ass you complaining no death
sound
afro why are you a brown guy with an
asset 15 bucks
15 Gumball game spent 15 to be racist in
the free-to-play game you can do that
for free racism
this is [__] stupid guys I finally
made it so the lean kills you the lean
doesn't show you give in to the lead
back here you [__] kidding me hey
dude why are you raging this is a fun
free to play games
free to play it's listen man
what are the hours on this game for you
dude I I can't figure out this [__]
platform before we get much further
today's video is sponsored by keeps baby
keeps is a subscription service that
helps men keep their hair they offer
clinically proven treatments to combat
the symptoms of hair loss with expert
recommended hair loss treatments and
they're delivered straight to your door
and their treatment plans are affordable
typically half the cost of Pharmacy
prices and all treatment plans are
personalized and recommended by a
licensed medical provider keeps
treatment plans come with a year of
unlimited on-demand access to a
dedicated medical provider 24 7 expert
support and most customers notice
results within six months of starting
treatment keeps has you covered two out
of three guys will experience hair loss
by the time they're 35. they offer
clinically proven research back tree
payments to stop hair loss and improve
hair growth whether you're looking to
prevent hair loss stimulate hair growth
or just take better care of your hair
you have Keeps Us gotcha baby with
everything you need delivered straight
to your door easily subscribe to keeps
and get refill reminders so you never
run low on the products you need to take
care of your hair hair loss stops with
keeps to get 50 off your first order go
to keeps.com soup or click the link in
the description that's
k-e-e-p-s.com slash soup thanks to keeps
for sponsoring the video enjoy the video
hey developers quick tip make it so you
can spectate your friends after you beat
the [__] level thank you I am
flipping off a Mountainside what'd he do
to you me when I'm a goat I have to make
a new Lobby every time we beat that that
was one God that was one World I can see
what no go put this for 17 minutes I'm
leaving my Lobby all right hold on I
gotta make it I gotta make another
unranked Lobby okay
we're gonna play Casting world all right
guys Lobby one four five eight two four
read out your social security number
it's like the the
nope what was it again no it's not scab
are you a scab soup my name is scam my
name is scam scab soup he's not right
one four five eight two four well let me
join dude do you not know how to read
numbers you dislike one four five a two
four does it works one four five eight
two four dude one four five eight ranked
or unranked Lobby unranked I'm backing
out I'm restarting my game
I will uh I'll make a new Lobby dude
somebody else hosts it doesn't work
just because my gum is bugged doesn't
mean yours your gum isn't all right
yummy you hosted all right yummy why
don't you host all right little trifling
hoe Bobby oh all right I just started it
by myself I gotta leave you dumbass man
who's man let's join Lobby
I'm hitting the groovy all right okay
it's been it's 19 it's nine minutes so
we gotta wait another eight minutes all
right all right hold on I gotta close my
game and reopen it again I guess oh my
god dude clearly there's a bug me when
I'm in a bug house
I'm sorry yeah
try again three three six six eight nine
four three six six eight nine four call
now all right nope what the [__] keep
calling the next two minutes
oh that's for verifying you I'm gonna
kill myself we could just play fall guys
at this point yeah true yeah but that's
not it's fun dude fall guys are too
mainstream bro we support Indie devs on
this channel
I don't support these devs in any way
shape yeah you did you gave them 15
bucks I don't morally support them they
are morally bankrupt they are charging
200 for a helmet well dude what's the
difference between them and a special
class I mean honestly it's a special
class they charge 200 bucks for a helmet
I would know would you know are you the
developer or the sped class you can be
both I developed special kids I bet you
do but parents who smoke can be like
[Music]
[Laughter]
yummy has to be a diva as per usual dude
it's not my [__] fault this shit's
broken why can I not my computer's dude
on a four thousand dollar PC can't play
gumball run your grandma's bag is broken
all right I'm in a ranked game with
black man j-wolf and Chinese guy
the gang's all there I think my my CPU
is overheating from Bitcoin miner in
background you might have to get more
RAM to run this game yeah this is
absolutely mining Bitcoin in the
background these people in ranked are
not messing around maybe you should go
back to the boys Boy Scouts teach you
how to nuts
Boy Scouts are gonna what
definitely they do that I think teach me
how to nut little boy scout you just got
your semen badge boy teach the adult
it was automatically on Europe before
yeah I'll change it to USA oh wait
really like on the character creation
screen like you're trolling me aren't
you well we're all playing a ranked game
again I guess it's ranked game time I'm
opening a gumball at cosmetic I got a
bow tie I got a tie in my head oh eat
[__] and die are you [__] kidding me
I was waiting at the window like a
[__] gorilla about to rip a kid in
half oh my region is Europe
I like that analogy blog because I like
gorillas all right boys
oh my
you're an infant is what you are don't
rage a gumball game ungrateful they keep
spawning me rage against the gumball
I love that band while you guys are
playing your silly ranked game I'm in
private matches sweating and I'm getting
ready for the next match what I ran into
a little Peggy Peggy 18. why am I so
[__] fast hey guys guess what soup
with the dub yet again eat my ass you
unranked scum dude I can't get over this
humble dunk huh I'm not gonna lie this
game
I don't know what the [__] I meant to
say there oh time to win my rank game
and then go back to the lobby now how am
I in the lobby with you now haven't
subscribed I clicked Lobby they just
threw me in here with you what the hell
everyone click Lobby and join us me and
yummy somehow I don't know how that
happened we have 15 seconds until the
game oh here's blog Hello yay the gang's
all here finally break time break time
with the boys
yeah well Chinese man really tore me a
new one last match so I'm ready
dude these [__] are hardcore on this
game unbelievable they don't mess around
it's like they all waited for us to get
on this team charts were empty before I
never get it right I guarantee this
guy's gonna beat our ass dude don't go
to the incinerator oh my God titty
chungus this is like a [__] hardcore
map right through the thing dude orphan
crippler is he's frame perfect bee
hopping it's really a developer
they're probably like confused that
there's people on this game they're
probably working on bugs right now yeah
he's probably making sucking bugs down
his gullet [__] morning eating
cockroaches until it's family calls over
what wonders I got spawn killed by a
fireball [__] this game I feel like I'm
in Bowser's wheelchair right now this is
such a good game AAA title EA take notes
[__] holy sh move dude I got bunny hop
on that [__] easy peasy eat my little
[__] dude I bet you it's big and wet I
got that right yeah I'll take third
place
look at you dancing in the Finish Line
you idiot Dancing in the Street Orford
crippler was .6 seconds behind me he
almost got that [__] that's cool man all
right are we did we all finish Lobby
click Lobby oh we're playing with orphan
[__] again
give us the Revenge dude this guy's a
little [__] stain I'm gonna beat his ass
I wish there was proximity chat and or
like text chat
with the mad [__] on Gumball race I bet
you don't [__] any orphans I don't
trust the Integrity of your name all
right we gotta beat him this is harder
than Eldon ring
shortcut this reminds me of Dark Souls
when you fight the thing I have no idea
what you're talking about
wow this reminds me of I miss gumball
machines I miss going to Chinese
restaurants and uh putting uh 30
quarters in the gumball machine and you
get like a rank old hard [__] Gumball
it's from like 2004. oh yeah you have to
chew on it for a year 46 seconds has got
to be a world record in this game I
think everything that we're doing is
world record
we're definitely on the leaderboard
somewhere you know this game it feels
like it could be a lot of fun but the
lobby like experience is [__]
annoying well it is free to play yeah
but it's like how hard is it to make a
[__] decent Lobby why don't you make
a gumball race game then since you're so
passionate about it where's your Gumball
game Let's recreate this game but we
featured Dead Presidents as DLC skin
after their dead deathly wounds too oh
I'm getting pushed by the water what the
[__] oh water makes you move I miss Fred
I miss where are you going I misread the
window I am a marble ball [__] who's
missing the window Miss titty [__] they
want to go to the bathroom how am I in
third you guys are cheating sorry I'm a
Gods here gamer you worthless piece of
[__] eat my dick and balls boy my
Gumball's gonna come in your face
all that is not okay you couldn't suck a
gumball through a garden hose yeah first
place [__]
wait wait how do you know what I'm
always like first or second and then
right at the end I'm [__] last last
and then usually still last but I wasn't
what is this what is the ranking system
am I like gold three or something like
I think we're gum too at this point at
least we're at least Hubba Bubba tear
Bubba I'm bigly
I'm big league true I'm trying to layers
here I think I'm five gum rank
gum five
all right it's gonna be right window
right window yeah
yeah we just played this map yay did we
it looks a little bit I think so
different this is different it's tiny
bit different I did die down there thank
you [__] I got literally my dick got
stuck on the stairs
dude there's a shortcut if you uh close
the game
oh hey how did my foot get reset people
in wheelchairs stuck in the pillar dude
that's so much
I don't know
are you not having fun are you not
entertained yeah it's fun it's just
really repetitive well so is sex but
it's still fun yeah
I do missionary with my dog every night
I don't give a [__] is so much fun yeah
I would not even do missionary doggy
with the missionary and missionary with
my dog the dog rides me cowboy style oh
that's giving me a bad image
twerk
[Music]
what the hell are you talking about
working on mushrooms what are you doing
you're like whipping the nae nae and in
hell right now
we're in hell because of that Stadium
blog just saying God wants nothing to do
with that [__] [__] a [__] oh my God
how much do you guys want to bet this
game gets demonetized on all of our
channels
[Laughter]
your voice went out entirely
go out with your mom
yeah
thanks I think I found the new strategy
let's play this for the next eight hours
I'm down a speedrun optimized Ukraine I
don't know when's the last time you guys
chewed gum honestly at the gym a long
time ago shoot gun today
mentioned all cigarettes what's the
what's the hold on wait I just click
ranked let's shoot other people oh right
I chew other people's skin tags always
vote left
what did I hear about other people's
skin tags I said I chew other people's
skin tags instead of gum Congo bongi
just see somebody with a skin tag on and
just take a little nibble me when
honestly skin tanks are gross me when
I'm checking the price of skin at the
skin store the skin tag inflation is
crazy even I watch a clown blow up a
balloon skin tag moment wait guys turn
around is crazy
gambling I was going for cancer jump yes
I didn't know this was a thing dude I
was I was literally on the [__] on
top of the roof
yeah
[__] we went to Chili's we we got a
[__] guy walk up and he wanted to
make us a balloon animal at our table
and his why the [__] were you at Chili's
he's in oh Grizzy wanted to go to
Chili's and we were like okay yeah sure
we'll go a lot of gun and kill him no
dude this was his opener you guys like
balloon animals and they're like uh sure
like I don't know like he had like a
whole [__] belt with like 800
balloons on his waist and an inflator so
we were like we didn't want to ruin his
day we're like yeah sure then he sat
there awkwardly for 15 minutes and he
made a crab balloon and then I say again
he just stared at us and then he goes do
you all do tips
and then my friend pulls out a 20 bill
and it's like oh my God you made that
guy's year that's probably the most
money he's ever [__] I would tell him
to pull out his wallet and give me a tip
for wasting my time I just did it was so
awk I felt so bad dude you were probably
about to get sex trafficked that sounds
scary I don't know
what and then you say yes and then you
get charged for one like 50 minutes
later like what the [__] that's how they
get you dude Corporate America big
balloon doesn't want you to know you
don't have to tip God damn the lean
machine dude yeah the lean the lean is
deadly don't do lean you get up
we'll go
guys I left it up I'm level four all
right let me see what level I am Jesus
[__] sweet Jesus I'm level four
you guys think Jesus chewed gum or is it
against the Quran Jesus didn't believe
me none of them that made sense and
there was no gun back then it was
probably just like goat fat or something
they probably chewed on it or like an
unborn baby how'd they get rid of the
umbilical cord the baby around until
detached oh I still do that it's gonna
be right side this time watch
did you had a 50 chance of getting that
right and he [__] nailed it bud I'm
proud of you oh who lives in a pineapple
hand [__] me it's SpongeBob
excuse me
who's this game is awesome I like game I
like game time I like Game Boy
eat my ass crabs those are actually a
pretty good Plankton I want to play
bubble game race cramps
eat my green cat crabs that sounds more
like old man drinking I got a wet all
right you can't say that you cannot say
yeah
what was my win ready
recently what the thing is hiding drugs
in your ass that's the booth pack who
think was like hey man that's the booth
you know yeah no that's that's what
you're putting [__] and then just shits
that's the booth just says violent
diarrhea on the table it's a little wet
joint in it ew like a little soggy kill
that's why I keep that diaper on me bro
everything starts in jail
so I didn't realize boof was like that
and a long time ago there was a
thumbnail with all of us in it and the
text on screen was dream Booth rotation
remember that [__] me that's a dream
of the the fellas I'd like to put drugs
in my ass with that makes me like
boofing so much more I just want to boof
with the breasts [__] you Paul me when
my friend Paul was being a dick me to
the mall cop Kevin Gates wait what's his
name Kevin Gates
Kevin James yeah he's fat
did you see the thing or it was like
this was considered extreme obesity in
90s movies it was just Kevin [__]
what's his name Gates hey you just said
it [__]
Kevin James and he's like maybe 205
pounds and it's like this is Extreme
obesity in the 90s yeah
you know you know what else was extreme
in the 90s Islam all of the above oh
we're leaving I left oh my ELO went down
from that
I can't play for 30 minutes get a seven
day cooldown this [__] [__] ass game
for just one like your first leave left
left
oh my God every single [__] time
water water I like oh there's spikes
dude I'm spawning in the spikes running
to the spikes run into the spikes run
into the spikes what the [__] bro quit
oh my [__] don't run sideways guys it's
bad I don't know how to run POV Bin
Laden running through his cave on still
Team Six threw a flashbang was he a
small brown ball maybe that's what the
stand got that's what the stands online
called him I think he had stance oh yeah
it's called Al-Qaeda
I'm stuck down here are you good come
and scab oh there you go that's a gross
Sentence
trailer park diaries how's he already
another side
Society is ruined there's already
hackers in Gumball run what are we ever
gonna do can't play anything legit
nowadays find his address dox him and
then have one of our fans kill him with
a gun
okay hacker B hack this is Gang [__] you
want to cut up a serial killer what yeah
I don't know I don't know what I'm
talking about though I don't know
left right side [__] ass big mushroom
you guys ever had mushroom scurvy bro
you pushed me off did not even inquire
about that he gave me a bad trip
[__] hope to be living in a
pineapple under the sea I want a nice
plate of bruschetta after this that
would go hard that would go hard in the
[__] paint [__] turd who the
[__] hit me in the air you [__] [__]
[__]
stop being posting on my favorite game
dude the mushrooms
this rock ain't cut straight bruh this
Rock gay as hell
gay Rock I'm so good in this game dude
first again yeah
you sound like the number one Gumball
player for sure
this is just worst Super Monkey Ball oh
wait it's super bumpy monkey
Super Monkey Balls I love your OCS what
does OC original character are you
talking to yourself oh shut up what are
you doing
schizophrenic attack
every time dude my dick hangs to the
right a little bit no I don't it's
actually hanging to the left actually it
goes up mine's pointy like an arrow it's
just straight
[Laughter]
mine looks like a polygon I think like a
block but a number two pencil my dick
look like Tomb Raider titties from 1998.
oh hell yeah Mama nasty you will die
you [__] ass I was so good I fell off
I'm washed why'd you do it wipe your
butt this is gonna be it for this week
are we done do we want to call it yes
please dude
we're in the middle ground between a
video and not a video this game is the
best game ever made this could be Good's
gaming but we upload four videos in a
row of goons gaming and it's each of our
povs I think I'm good on videos for the
rest of the year after that honestly
boys thank you like creativity has run
dry like And subscribe like And
subscribe
I don't even know I need to make a
second gaming channel for [__] like that
bruh upload this to your 30th Channel I
don't have that oh
my God
[Music]
and they ain't getting it back support
my channel by clicking that like if you
don't enjoy this country [__] then take
a [__] hike
[Music]